!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!New idea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Prog name: Z34107 (zealot) v0.01
system call hijacking without touching the kernel via ptrace from userspace
each pid is monitored for system calls and then if readdir is found it's dirent struct
is modified as to not show the pid of one or more of the attacker's pids, namely
the backdoor itself. This userspace rootkit will essentially follow each instance of a fork  (via syscall tracing)
and add a new thread for monitoring the newly acquired pid. in this way, no process is without infection
the readdir() hack has a number of benefits, for one, virtually no program will be able to see the pid's proc entry
this includes lsof, ls, ps, top, monitoring software, netstat maybe even could be hit, more on this later. 
The truly lovely thing about this idea is a.) it doesn't touch kernel space b.) it's easily launched c.)
it's not blocked on 99.999999999% of all linux setups (probably even grsec)

Design considerations:
The design should be a thread model based on 1 thread per pid. whilst using shared memory for the HIDE_LIST
and possibly a do not monitor list, and others.

on an added note:
there can be a wrapper program to hide all the rootkit user's processes (ie: ./wrap bash) just by doing
the same method of following forks except that instead of editing the system calls it will simply add the
pids controled by the attacker to the HIDE_LIST which will essentially be shared memory amongst the monitoring
threads.

on an added note it may be advisable to have a ptrace(PTRACE_ATTACH, getpid()) wrapper program for the
rootkit user to have full view of the system, also this wrapper could update the HIDE_LIST with each
new pid it creates so each newly fork()'d binary launched by the rootkit user will be hidden along
with the daemon itself.

on another note:
investigation leads me to be an alternate approach might be to modify the open() function as well. in this way
we can hide key information from certain systems accessing the /proc system namely netstat. tcpdump and it's 
variants could be the next target after this to ensure complete stealth :]
